If laughter is the best medicine your, face must be curing the world
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you
I'd love to insult you, but I won't do as well as nature did
Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental
Do you realize that people just tolerate you?
You're not pretty enough to be this stupid
If you were anymore inbred you would be a sandwich
You look like a before picture
What doesn't kill you… disappoints me
You're impossible to underestimate
Your gene pool could use a little more chlorine
You are the human equivalent of a participation award
The only culture you possess is bacteria
You have as much class as a Marxist utopia
I'd challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you're unarmed
You look like a visible fart
You clearly have not been burdened by an overabundance of education
Whoever told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice
https://taintedtats.com/pub/media/catalog/product/cache/c687aa7517cf01e65c009f6943c2b1e9/f/u/fuck-you-temporary-tattoo-tt0052.jpg
I envy people who haven't met you
You haven't been yourself lately. We've all noticed the improvement
As an outsider, what is your perspective on intelligence?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I'd like to kick you in the teeth, but why should I improve your looks?
At least there's one thing good about your body – it's not as ugly as your face.
Brains aren't everything. In fact, in your case they're nothing.
I like you. People say I've no taste, but I like you.
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
If I had a face like yours I'd sue my parents.
Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental.
Keep talking – someday you'll say something intelligent.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Don't think, it might sprain your brain.
Fellows like you don't grow from trees, they swing from them.
He has a mechanical mind. Too bad he forgot to wind it up this morning.
You're a man of the world. And you know what sad shape the world is in.
He's always lost in thought. It's unfamiliar territory.
Are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
He's listed in Who's Who as What's That?
He's living proof that man can live without a brain.
He's so short, when it rains he's always the last to know.
He's the kind of a man you'd use as a blueprint to build an idiot.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
How much refund do you expect on your head now it's empty?
How would you like to feel the way you look?
Hi, I'm a human being. What are you?
I can't talk to you right now. Where will you be 10 years from now?
I don't want you to turn the other cheek, it's just as ugly.
I don't know what it is that makes you so stupid but it really works.
I could make a monkey out of you, but why should I take all the credit?
I can't seem to remember your name, and please don't help me.
I've seen people like you but I had to pay admission.
Thou Foul Lump Of Deformity
What Are You Gonna Do for a Face when the Baboon Wants It's Butt Back?
Go Sit on a Pine Cone
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling in your skull?
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
On your mark, get set, go f*ck yourself!
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep talking... I'm diagnosing you.
I can only please one person a day. Today isn't your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
I Fart in Your General Direction
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
May you always step on a wet spot after putting on fresh socks.
I can lose weight, but you'll always be ugly.
You're not pretty enough to be that stupid.
You're as Sharp as a Marble
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Here's a tissue, you have a little piece of sh*t on your lips.
If There Was an Award for Laziness, You'd Need Someone to Pick It Up for You
Pew! Pew! Pew!' That's the sound of me deflecting your whiny b*tching with my happiness shield.
Now I know why everyone talks about you behind your back.
You shouldn't act hard-to-get when you're already hard-to-like.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
If I Were a Bird, You Would be the First Person I'd Poop on
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
I would like to leave you with one thought, but I'm not sure if you have anywhere to store it in.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Roses Are Red. Violets Are Blue. You Look Like a Monkey and Belong in a Zoo. Do Not Worry, I'll be There Too. Not in the Cage, but Laughing at You.
I'm jealous of people that don't know you!
You Stuck-up, Half-witted, Scruffy-looking Nerfherder!
I will ignore you so hard you will start doubting your existence.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
I don't understand your specific kind of 'stupidity,' but I do admire your total commitment to it.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
You're like the end pieces of a loaf of bread. Everyone touches you, but nobody wants you.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
I'd love to kill you with kindness, but all I have is this chainsaw.
You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
May your life be as pleasant as you are.
How old are you? Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You're as Useful as a White Crayon
You're Nuttier then a Squirrel's Turd
Someone Getting Drunk and Taping Crayons to Their Feet Could Write Better Than You
I've met several pricks before, but you sir are a cactus.
Whenever I see you, middle finger gets an erection.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels Infest Your Armpits
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not you.
Who ate your bowl of sunshine this morning, thundercloud?
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I Know Five Fat People and You're Two of Them
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
Somewhere out there, there's a tree working very hard to produce oxygen so that you can breathe. I think you should go and apologize to it.
I Could Carve a Better Man out of a Banana
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
You are about to exceed the limits of my medication.
Look at the time, it's time for you to shut the f*ck up!
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Awww...my middle finger likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
Your face is just fine, but you'll have to put a bag over that personality.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
If you ran like your mouth, you'd be in good shape.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
Im busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
Sometimes, I wish I was deaf so your grammar wouldn't bother me so much.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
You Lewd, Crude, Rude, Bag of Pre-chewed Food Dude
I'm sorry, was that meant to offend me? The only thing offending me right now though is your face.
 ABRACADABRA! Nope, you're still a b*tch.
Are you afraid that zombies will eat your brain? Nah, you'll be fine.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Feed your own ego. I'm busy.
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
You're Like a Russian Doll Full of Yourself
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My alone time is meant for your safety.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
You need a kiss...on the neck...from a crocodile.
I'm busy, you're ugly. Have a nice day.
If You Were Half as Smart as You Think You Are, You'd be Twice as Smart as You Really Are
I love the sound you make when you shut up.
If you're going to act like a turd, go lay on the yard.
Mall Slut
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Fart-Knocking Ding-Dong
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Okay, let me file what you just said under 'I couldn't care less'.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You look like something that came out of a slow cooker.
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
Know your role, shut your hole!
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
Please shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
If I Throw a Stick Will You Leave?
Mushroom infected pitbull foreskin
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before but I had to pay an admission.
Here, let me wash the stupid right off of you. Oh wait, it's not coming off.
If I had a dollar for every brain you don't have, I'd have a dollar.
Just because I'm smiling doesn't mean I don't want to hit you in the face.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
Let's go to the zoo. I've always wanted to meet your family.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
You have a Face like a Bulldog Chewing a Wasp
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Geekburger with Cheese
Since narcissistic is such a big word for you, how about asshole? You know what an asshole is, right?
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Mind if I ask where the OFF button for your mouth is?
In order to insult me, I must first value your opinion. Nice try though.
Is Your Butt Jealous of the Amount of Crap That Just Spewed out of Your Mouth?
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Awww...it's cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You look like a 'before' picture.
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
I'm sorry for hurting your feelings, I thought you already knew you were stupid.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
I'm sorry I didn't get that. I don't speak bullsh*t.
There's no need to repeat yourself. I ignored you the first time.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
bitch.